clang, clang++, gcc, g++: standardize English page and Indonesian translation (#13751)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/clang++.md

> - Compile a source code file into an executable binary:

Author: ```suggestion
- Compile a set of source code files into an executable binary:
```
